release: v1.52.0 (#5719)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_entity_cache_metrics.md

> ### Entity cache: convert spans and metrics to the new format ([PR #5625](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5625))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support new span and metrics formats for entity caching ([PR #5625](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5625))
```

> <!-- [ROUTER-387] -->

Author: This should definitely be removed.

> This converts the entity cache metrics to the new metric format and using the custom telemetry stack.

Reviewer: @bnjjj @Geal - does this copyedit make sense?

```suggestion
Metrics of the router's entity cache have been converted to the latest format with support for custom telemetry.
```

> Here is an example of configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configuration shows the the `cache` instrument, the `cache` selector in the subgraph service, and the `cache` attribute of a subgraph span: 
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: Can we add this recipe to the Entity Cache docs page?

cc @shorgi

Reviewer 2: Ideally these super helpful recipes live in the docs where most customers are reading about these features as opposed to getting lost in release notes!

Author: Absolutely, this should be in the documentation.  Perhaps this could be added to https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5574, which is currently in progress?

Reviewer: The WIP docs of https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5574 already have example configurations.

Reviewer 3: It has already been added

telemetry:
  instrumentation:
    instruments:
      default_requirement_level: none
      cache:
        apollo.router.operations.entity.cache:
          attributes:
            entity.type: true
            subgraph.name:
              subgraph_name: true
            supergraph.operation.name:
              supergraph_operation_name: string
      subgraph:
        only_cache_hit_on_subgraph_products:
          type: counter
          value:
            cache: hit
          unit: hit
          description: counter of subgraph request cache hit on subgraph products
          condition:
            all:
            - eq:
              - subgraph_name: true
              - products
            - gt:
              - cache: hit
              - 0
          attributes:
            subgraph.name: true
            supergraph.operation.name:
              supergraph_operation_name: string

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To learn more, go to [Entity caching docs](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/entity-caching).

```
